# Elliptic Curve Cryptography
This is a Python implementation of Elliptic Curve Cryptography (ECC) algorithms. ECC is a public-key cryptography algorithm that uses elliptic curves over finite fields to establish secure communication between two parties.

This implementation includes the following functionalities:

The Point class representing points on an elliptic curve.
The EllipticCurve class representing an elliptic curve over a finite field.
Arithmetic operations on elliptic curve points, including addition, subtraction, and multiplication by a scalar.
Calculation of the number of points on an elliptic curve.
Calculation of the order of a subgroup generated by a given point.

The Baby Step Giant Step algorithm and the Pohlig-Hellman algorithm are two popular algorithms used for solving the discrete logarithm problem in elliptic curve cryptography.

The Baby Step Giant Step algorithm involves precomputing a table of points (baby steps) and then using them to calculate a large number of points (giant steps). The algorithm then searches through the giant steps to find a matching baby step and returns the corresponding discrete logarithm.

The Pohlig-Hellman algorithm is a method for solving the discrete logarithm problem (DLP) in a prime-order cyclic group. It is particularly useful for groups where the order is a smooth number, meaning that it has only small prime factors. The algorithm involves reducing the problem to solving several DLP instances in smaller groups, using the Chinese Remainder Theorem. By solving these smaller instances, the solution to the original DLP can be obtained. The Pohlig-Hellman algorithm has a complexity that is polynomial in the size of the prime factors of the group order, which can make it more efficient than generic algorithms for solving the DLP in some cases.

# Getting Started
To use this implementation, you can clone the repository or download the code as a ZIP file.

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/h38464874b/ECC-DLP-Algorithms.git
$ cd ECC-DLP-Algorithms
```

You can then import the classes and functions in your Python code as needed.

# Example usage

```python

E = EllipticCurve(17230, 22699, 23981)
P = E(1451, 1362)
Q = E(3141, 12767)
R = P + Q
```

# Dependencies
This implementation uses the sympy and math library. Use the package manager [pip] to install
```bash
pip install sympy
```
